chore: version to 0.32.2 (#2289)
prefix-dev/pixi: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### [0.32.2] - 2024-10-16
#### ✨ Highlights

> - `pixi self-update` is now a compile time feature which we'll only turn on in the GitHub releases.

Author: ```suggestion
- `pixi self-update` will only work on the binaries from the GitHub releases, avoiding accidentally breaking the installation.
```
